update tso photometry to use ApertureStats (#8672)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/tso_photometry/description.rst

and the number of integrations.  In either case, the times are
Modified Julian Date, time scale UTC.

If NaNs exist in the source or background annulus the NaNs are masked out

> and the TSO mode photometry will not will not return NaN.

Reviewer: This looks good but I think you should put some sort of explicit comment or warning that the resulting fluxes will be underestimated in that case

and the number of integrations.  In either case, the times are
Modified Julian Date, time scale UTC.

If NaNs exist in the source or background annulus, they are masked out and the value
returned is the sum over the real-valued data.
This is different from the convention for photometry in standard imaging mode:
in that case, a NaN value is returned if it is present in any of the pixels in
the source aperture. In the imaging case, the mostly likely cause of NaN pixels

> in the aperture is NaN-valued central pixels for a saturating source in an image
> with many sources. nFor TSO data  it is more likely that  single pixels are  affected
> in a given integration and science analysis will be focused on variability of one source.
> If NaNs are present, the absolute flux will be underestimages, the relative values may still
> be useful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the aperture is NaN-valued central pixels for a saturated source in an image
with many sources. For TSO data, it is more likely that  single pixels are affected
in a given integration and science analysis will be focused on variability of one source.
If NaNs are present, the absolute flux will be underestimated, but the relative values may still
be useful.
```
